\problemname{Cake}

Žofka really likes cakes. Her most recent favorite is a
rectangular-shaped cake with hard chocolate glazing and white marzipan
roses on top. The glazing has been pre-cut in a grid-like pattern at
the bakery since this type of glazing is difficult to cut after it
hardens. The bakers pride themselves in creating various creations
with the roses---they place every rose in the middle of one of the
grid squares (at most one rose per square) but the placement differs
each time. Žofka invited her friends to share the cake with
her---together with her there are as many people as there are roses on
the cake as she and each of her friends like a piece with a
rose. Žofka can cut only rectangular pieces of the cake along the grid
lines.  How should she cut the cake so that she and each of her
friends gets a rectangular piece with a rose and there is the smallest
possible amount of leftover cake?

\begin{figure}[h]
  \centering
  \includegraphics{cake}
  \caption{A possible solution for the sample input. The rectangular
    pieces cover the cake entirely, so there are no leftovers. This
    solution is described in the sample output. Note that there are
    several other correct outputs for the sample input.}
\label{fig:sample1}
\end{figure}

\section*{Input}

The first line contains $k$, the number of cakes. Each cake is
described on several lines. The first line contains $p$, $q$, and $n$,
where $p \times q$ are the dimensions of the cake and $n$ is the
number of roses. Then $n$ lines follow, the $i$-th line contains the
coordinates of the $i$-th rose, where the first coordinate is between
$1$ and $p$ and the second coordinate is between $1$ and $q$. You may
assume that $p$ and $q$ are at most $10\,000$.

\section*{Output}

The output contains $n + 1$ lines for each cake. The first $n$ lines
contain four numbers each: the $j$-th line contains $a_j$, $b_j$,
$c_j$, $d_j$, where $1 \leq a_j \leq c_j \leq p$ and
$1 \leq b_j \leq d_j \leq q$ and $(a_j, b_j)$ and $(c_j, d_j)$
correspond to the grid squares at the opposite corners of the
rectangular piece for the $j$-th person. The rectangular pieces have
to be non-overlapping. The last line contains a single number, the
area of the leftovers. The area of the leftovers should be the
smallest possible.
